hi this is Anne Jeannette I want to show
you how I use my immersion blender and
I'm gonna do that by demonstrating the
soup that is Balu it's broccoli and
potato soup we call it cream of broccoli
soup because it gets really creamy but
there's no dairy in it and you could
even make it vegetarian we have chicken
stock in ours so I'm going to show you
real fast what it looks like
there's my broccoli and broth and
potatoes all cooked it took me about 45
minutes exactly to get them as soft as I
want them to I sometimes let it go when
and I forget because it's just not that
important as long as it's soft it's hard
to overcook unless you run out of stock
so um here's my immersion blender can
you see that yeah that I was writing
about and I am going to go ahead and
explain the process here and the kids
will probably be screaming in the
background go back to your window so
mine has this one button up here and
then also a button on the back to
disengage the bottom from the top that I
talked about is really great for
cleaning so all I do and I may have to
put the camera down for a second to show
you but all I do is I start blending
it'll be loud when I start I start
blending and then I kind of tilt the pot
to make sure that everything gets in you
can see that it has those openings there
and make sure that that is below the
water or the soup or it's going to
splash everywhere
so here is
just a note before I start tilting it
you can tell my suits still really hot
you can do this with any temperature of
anything it doesn't make any difference
you can see that my pots pretty shallow
I'm not not using much of the pot so I
have to tilt it a little bit to get it
all but you can tell that it's pretty
much all taken care of I feel a couple
little things in here I'm set it down
and get it but you can see how thick and
creamy that's getting its green kids
will love that obviously you could do
bean and potato or cheese and potato and
you would have white creamy soup and
they would just
if the green bothers them but we we like
green tape so I'm going to set it down
and I'm gonna blend the rest of it real
fast
that's it that's all that it took was
super easy it's nice and creamy smells
wonderful and I will taste it and then I
might put some salt and pepper but other
than that I'm done and I just go ahead
and take this right off so that I can
get it out of the way over here where
it's plugged in and then I will when I
have two hands take this over to the
sink rinse it off and I put it straight
into the dishwasher actually I'll just
show you cuz I can do that right now
towel here yucky dishes but c'est la vie
that was my crock-pot actually that I
used to make my chicken stock with and
there it is and that's where it'll be
and it'll wash and it washes up great
and I'm I do have to dump it out in the
sink a little bit to make sure the water
is out but that's it there's my soup
hope that that helped and if you have
any other questions write them in the
comments and I'd be happy to reply